Field level Validation:
1. Verify whether the  card number field is accepting only right format 
    
16 digit valid numbers
<16 digit card numbers 
>16 digit card numbers 
Alphabets/Special characters
Blank

2. Verify whether the expiration date field is accepting right data

Select Date using date picker
Enter valid date in text box
Enter invalid late(special characters/alphabets)
Enter Past date
Select Past Date
Enter Date/Year which does not match with card
Blank

3. Verify whether the cvv field is accepting right data

Valid cvv
>3 characters 
<3 characters 
3 numbers but doesn't match with card 
Alphabets/Special characters
Blank

4. Verify that cvv is masked and it is not visible in DOM - Security

5. Verify whether the Name field is accepting right data

Valid name 
Numbers/Special characters
Blank
<Min Length
>Max length

6.Verify whether the card is valid or not 

Active card 
Inactive card 
Expired card 
Blocked card
Fraudulent card

7. Verify whether the payment gateway is validating otp/password (sms/email)

Valid OTP
Invalid OTP
Expired OTP
Multiple OTP
Valid Password
Invalid Password
Parallel transactions (Different browsers/devices/locations)

8. Verify whether the cache is not getting carried over in refresh/back actions
9. Verify whether timeout is handled as expected 
10. Verify whether transaction is getting aborted in case of any network issues


Functional (UI):
1. Verify whether the number field accepts 16-19 digits as input (Apply BVA)
2. Verify whether UI automatically identify the card network based on BIN entered
3. Verify whether UI validates card number entered using check digit
4. Verify whether CVV field accepts 3-4 digits (Apply BVA)
5. Verify whether UI accepts valid month and year for expiry date field
6. Verify whether Name on card field accepts only alphabets (spaces excluded)
7. Verify whether user is able to save the card for future transactions
8. Verify whether pay now button is enabled when all mandatory fields are entered
9. Verify whether user is able to cancel the payment
10. Verify whether UI throws error when debit card PAN is entered

Integration:
1. Verify whether user is navigated to merchant page to authorise the transaction
2. Verify whether user is able to authorize the transaction
Iteration:
a. Using OTP
b. Using password
3. Verify whether OTP is generated by server and sent to registered mobile number

Security:
1. Verify whether CVV is not stored in the application
2. Verify whether PAN is masked in the UI

Performance:
1. Verify whether user receives OTP within SLA
2. Verify whether server authorize transaction within SLA even with many concurrent requests

Negative:
1. Verify whether server rejects request with invalid inputs
Iteration:
a. Invalid CVV
b. Invalid PAN
c. Invalid expiry date
d. Invalid OTP
e. Invalid password
2. Verify whether server rejects transaction after prolonged inactivity
3. Verify whether payment not debited for rejected request

Edge case:
1. Verify whether amount debited is refunded when order is not placed
2. Verify whether OTP is unique for multiple users